doc:- Updated setupandteardown instruction (#13615)
facebook/jest: docs/SetupAndTeardown.md

## Scoping

> By default, the `beforeEach` and `afterEach` blocks apply to every test in a file. You can also group tests together using a `describe` block. When they are inside a `describe` block, the `beforeAll` and `afterAll` blocks only apply to the tests within that `describe` block.

Reviewer: I think this paragraphs needs a rewrite, because "By default" also does not fit here. Can one change the default? If not, then this is not any default (;

```suggestion
The top level `before*` and `after*` hooks apply to every test in a file. The hooks declared inside a `describe` block apply only to the tests within that `describe` block.
```
